encryption-at-rest: describe compatibility change with TiKV <= 4.0.8 (#4351)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. If the configuration value is set to `true`, all user data in the log will be replaced by `?`.
+ Default value: `false`

## security.encryption

> Configuration items related to encryption-at-rest (TDE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration items related to [encryption at rest](/encryption-at-rest.md) (TDE).
```

### `data-encryption-method`

> + Encryption method to use for data files. Possible values are "plaintext", "aes128-ctr", "aes192-ctr" and "aes256-ctr". Value other than "plaintext" means encryption is enabled, in which case master key must be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The encryption method for data files
+ Value options: "plaintext", "aes128-ctr", "aes192-ctr", and "aes256-ctr"
+ A value other than "plaintext" means that encryption is enabled, in which case the master key must be specified.
```

> + Default value: `plaintext`

Reviewer: \`plaintext\` or "plaintext"?

### `data-key-rotation-period`

> + Specifies how often TiKV rotates data encryption key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies how often TiKV rotates the data encryption key.
```

+ Default value: `7d`

### enable-file-dictionary-log

> + Enable an optimization to reduce IO and mutex contention for encryption metadata management. Please refer to [Encryption at Rest](/encryption-at-rest.md) for compatibility with previous TiKV versions after turn on (by default) this config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Enables the optimization to reduce I/O and mutex contention when TiKV manages the encryption metadata.
+ To avoid possible compatibility issues when this configuration parameter is enabled (by default), see [Encryption at Rest](/encryption-at-rest.md#compatibility-with-earlier-tikv-versions) for details.
```

+ Default value: `true`

### master-key

> + Specifies master key if encryption is enabled. Please refer to [Encryption at Rest](/encryption-at-rest.md) for how to config a master key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the master key if encryption is enabled. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest](/encryption-at-rest.md#configuring-encryption).
```

### previous-master-key

> + Specifies the old master key when rotating master key. Same config format as master-key. Please refer to [Encryption at Rest](/encryption-at-rest.md) for how to config a master key.

Reviewer: + **config --> configuration**. Please spell it out in docs.
+ We **DO NOT** use **please** in docs.
```suggestion
+ Specifies the old master key when rotating the new master key. The configuration format is the same as that of `master-key`. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest](/encryption-at-rest.md#configuring-encryption).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+ This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. If the configuration value is set to `true`, all user data in the log will be replaced by `?`.
+ Default value: `false`

## security.encryption

Configuration items related to [encryption at rest](/encryption-at-rest.md) (TDE).

### `data-encryption-method`

+ The encryption method for data files
+ Value options: "plaintext", "aes128-ctr", "aes192-ctr", and "aes256-ctr"
+ A value other than "plaintext" means that encryption is enabled, in which case the master key must be specified.
+ Default value: `"plaintext"`

### `data-key-rotation-period`

+ Specifies how often TiKV rotates the data encryption key.
+ Default value: `7d`

### enable-file-dictionary-log

+ Enables the optimization to reduce I/O and mutex contention when TiKV manages the encryption metadata.
+ To avoid possible compatibility issues when this configuration parameter is enabled (by default), see [Encryption at Rest - Compatibility between TiKV versions](/encryption-at-rest.md#compatibility-between-tikv-versions) for details.
+ Default value: `true`

### master-key

> + Specifies the master key if encryption is enabled. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest - configure encryption](/encryption-at-rest.md#configure-encryption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the master key if encryption is enabled. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest - Configure encryption](/encryption-at-rest.md#configure-encryption).
```

### previous-master-key

> + Specifies the old master key when rotating the new master key. The configuration format is the same as that of `master-key`. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest - configure encryption](/encryption-at-rest.md#configure-encryption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the old master key when rotating the new master key. The configuration format is the same as that of `master-key`. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest - Configure encryption](/encryption-at-rest.md#configure-encryption).
```
